README.md, before:

# 30 DAYS of DSA Challenge

Welcome to my 30 DAYS of DSA Challenge where i'll commit myself to solve problems each
You'll find the problems organized by topics followed the neetcode 250 structure
I'll try to give explanation of how i solved the problem the approach i used the steps i followed
and a extra information as data type preference , time and space complexity 

## 📅 Progress Tracker

| Day | Date       | Topics Covered           | Problems Added                          | Status    |
|-----|------------|--------------------------|---------------------------------------  |-----------|
| 00  |            |                          |                                         |           |
---

##  📂 How to Read This Repo

- You'll find each topic with it's specific problems solved
- Each problem is Presented in an interview-style scenario simulationg the interviewer asking the question and a full explanation of the data type used and the step-by-step solving process
- Feel free to contact me if you have any comments, Questions ... and Also if you have another approach feel free to contribute into this repo by creating a pull requests. Note that it's better to follow the cards structure

Enjoy the Challenge & Happy Coding! 🚀

Commit message:

update README: add the day 1 solved problems list

README.md, after:

# 30 DAYS of DSA Challenge

Welcome to my 30 DAYS of DSA Challenge where i'll commit myself to solve problems each
You'll find the problems organized by topics followed the neetcode 250 structure
I'll try to give explanation of how i solved the problem the approach i used the steps i followed
and a extra information as data type preference , time and space complexity 

## 📅 Progress Tracker

| Day | Topic               | Problem                | Status         |
|-----|---------------------|------------------------|----------------|
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | concatenation of array |    ✅ Done     |
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | contains duplicate     |    ✅ Done     |
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | two sum                |    ✅ Done     |
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | remove element         |    ✅ Done     |
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | majority element       |    ✅ Done     |
| 01  | Arrays and hashing  | valid anagram          |    ✅ Done     |
|-----|---------------------|------------------------|----------------|
| --  |                     |                        | ⏳ In Progress |
---

##  📂 How to Read This Repo

- You'll find each topic with it's specific problems solved
- Each problem is Presented in an interview-style scenario simulationg the interviewer asking the question and a full explanation of the data type used and the step-by-step solving process
- Feel free to contact me if you have any comments, Questions ... and Also if you have another approach feel free to contribute into this repo by creating a pull requests. Note that it's better to follow the cards structure

Enjoy the Challenge & Happy Coding! 🚀
